Maintenance/migrate docs (#251)
jenkinsci/pipeline-maven-plugin: README.adoc

Jenkins uses the local Maven repository as determined by Maven, by
default `~/.m2/repository` and can be overridden by
`<localRepository>` in `~/.m2/settings.xml` (see Configuring your
Local Repository)) +
This normally means that all the jobs that are executed on the same
node shares a single Maven repository. The upside of this is that
you can save the disk space, the downside is that the repository is
not multi process safe and having multiple builds run concurrently
can corrupt it. Additionally builds could interfere with each other
by sharing incorrect or partially built artifacts. For example, you
might end up having builds incorrectly succeed, just because your
have all the dependencies in your local repository, despite that
fact that none of the repositories in POM might have them. +
By using this option, Jenkins will tell Maven to use a custom path
for the build as the local Maven repository by using
`-Dmaven.repo.local` +
If specified as a relative path then this value will be resolved
against the workspace root and not the current working directory. +
ie. `$WORKSPACE/.repository` if `.repository` value is specified.

> image:docs/images/information.svg[(info)]
> `mavenSettingsConfig` and `globalMavenSettingsConfig` use the *ID*,
> not the *name*, of the Maven settings file (resp Maven Global Settings
> file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: `mavenSettingsConfig` and `globalMavenSettingsConfig` use the *ID*, not the *name*, of the Maven settings file (resp Maven Global Settings file).
```

Use Admonition

 Apache Maven 3.3.9 (bb52d8502b132ec0a5a3f4c09453c07478323dc5; 2015-11-10T16:41:47+00:00)
 Maven home: /home/ubuntu/jenkins-home/tools/hudson.tasks.Maven_MavenInstallation/M3
 Java version: 1.8.0_102, vendor: Oracle Corporation
 Java home: /home/ubuntu/jenkins-home/tools/hudson.model.JDK/JDK8/jre
 Default locale: en_US, platform encoding: UTF-8
 OS name: "linux", version: "3.13.0-109-generic", arch: "amd64", family: "unix"

=== Report Publishers

Maven build executions inside the "``+withMaven(){...+``}" will be detected
and Jenkins will transparently

* Archive and fingerprint generated Maven artifacts and Maven attached
artifacts
* Publish JUnit / Surefire reports (if the https://github.com/jenkinsci/junit-plugin[Jenkins JUnit
Plugin] is
installed)
* image:docs/images/warning.svg[(warning)] Deprecation notice! Publish Findbugs reports (if the https://github.com/jenkinsci/findbugs-plugin[Jenkins FindBugs
Plugin]
is installed)
* image:docs/images/warning.svg[(warning)] Deprecation notice! Publish a report of the tasks ("[.code]``FIXME``" and "[.code]``TODO``") found in the

> java source code (if the https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Task+Scanner+Plugin[Jenkins Tasks Scanner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
java source code (if the https://plugins.jenkins.io/tasks/[Jenkins Tasks Scanner
```

Plugin]
is installed)
* Concordion test reports (since 3.0.0)

> image:docs/images/information.svg[(info)]
> The detection of Maven builds require to use Maven 3.2+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The detection of Maven builds require to use Maven 3.2+.
```

Use Admonition

It is possible to change the default activation of a publisher
navigating to the "Global Tool Configuration" screen.

It is possible to disable the default activation of publishers on a
specific "``+withMaven(){...}+``" step using the
"[.code]``publisherStrategy='EXPLICIT'``" attribute in the step
"``+withMaven(publisherStrategy='EXPLICIT'){...}+``". The publishers can
then be enabled explicitly in the "``+withMaven(){...}+``" step using the
"publishers" attribute

=== Default Configuration

Default Maven settings can be defined globally and at the folder level.

==== Global Default Configuration

In the "Global Tool Configuration" screen

* Maven settings and Maven global settings
* Publishers settings: enable/disable publishers...

image::docs/images/pipeline-maven-plugin-global-tools-configuration.png[]

==== Folder Level Configuration

In the Folder "configuration" screen

* Maven settings and Maven global settings

image:docs/images/pipeline-maven-folder-level-configuration.png[]

=== Trigger downstream pipeline when a snapshot is built (since 3.0.0)

Trigger downstream pipeline that depend on Maven artifact generated by
upstream pipelines.

> image:docs/images/information.svg[(info)] Notes
> 
> * The upstream artifact must be generated in a "[.code]``withMaven(){}``"
> wrapping step to be detected by the triggering system
> * The downstream pipeline must have selected the build trigger "Build
> whenever a SNAPSHOT dependency is built"
>  ** The build trigger can be defined at the pipeline level ("Build
> Triggers"), at the multibranch pipeline level ("Scan Repository
> Triggers") or at the GitHub Organization / Bitbucket Project
> level ("Scan Organizations Triggers")
> * You have to manually trigger once the upstream pipeline and the
> downstream pipeline so that the link between the pipelines based on
> the SNAPSHOT dependency is established
> * The dependency graph is, for the moment, exclusively stored in an H2
> embedded database
> ("[.code]``$JENKINS_HOME/jenkins-jobs/jenkins-jobs.mv.db``"). Support for an
> external H2 database and then for alternate databases (PostgreSQL)
> is on the roadmap
> (see https://github.com/jenkinsci/pipeline-maven-plugin/blob/pipeline-maven-3.0.0-beta-1/jenkins-plugin/src/main/java/org/jenkinsci/plugins/pipeline/maven/dao/PipelineMavenPluginH2Dao.java[PipelineMavenPluginH2Dao.java])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
* The upstream artifact must be generated in a "[.code]``withMaven(){}``" wrapping step to be detected by the triggering system
* The downstream pipeline must have selected the build trigger "Build whenever a SNAPSHOT dependency is built"
 ** The build trigger can be defined at the pipeline level ("Build Triggers"), at the multibranch pipeline level ("Scan Repository Triggers") or at the GitHub Organization / Bitbucket Project level ("Scan Organizations Triggers")
* You have to manually trigger once the upstream pipeline and the downstream pipeline so that the link between the pipelines based on the SNAPSHOT dependency is established
* The dependency graph is, for the moment, exclusively stored in an H2 embedded database ("[.code]``$JENKINS_HOME/jenkins-jobs/jenkins-jobs.mv.db``"). Support for an external H2 database and then for alternate databases (PostgreSQL) is on the roadmap (see https://github.com/jenkinsci/pipeline-maven-plugin/blob/pipeline-maven-3.0.0-beta-1/jenkins-plugin/src/main/java/org/jenkinsci/plugins/pipeline/maven/dao/PipelineMavenPluginH2Dao.java[PipelineMavenPluginH2Dao.java])
====
```
